Project Tracking Tool(Pegasis,Phoenix,Knight, Balbasor,Pikachu):-
To track projects with each other involvement and also to integrate application using some standards.

Requirement for Project Tracking tool:-	
	1.Project description, Time duration, team size required and their skills also team type, skills used in the creation of project (optional)	
	
	2.Project properly Divide by its size.		
		a.if it's big then mark it. (Epic- init shortname of initialize)		
			1.if it is some issue related to the previous project add this in the previous one and make it an issue with the project name. (task)
			2.bugs tracking with the project. (bug)
			3.task re-assign.
		b if any init/task/bugs will create/resolve we will create timeline documentation for it before submission.(can also be created parallel kind of application documentation)
	3.Project/task/subtask assigned using skills-which mentioned on teammates profile or manually. (kind of automated thing)
	4.Daily task report. (add label what work has been performed or what else you need to perform this task)	
	5.Started, minimum acceptance criteria, pending for review, in the queue, completed(which is done by admin), unassign.(related with timeline doc)
		a.Duplicates
		b.Closed()
		c.Backlog(when the requirement is in the queue for a long time)		
	6.Can check the work of user.
	7.Connected using maps and also status of other's task/issue.
	8.Can see user his issues as well as others.(filter)and I can also contribute in someone else in need.(will add his username)
	9.Can mark priorities(kind of task priorities)
	10.Need Log and update them for the changes or any activity made by user.(Audit Log)


	+More points to discuss	
	+1. Project Type
	+5. pending(suggested by Gautami from Rally)
	+11.Team status for the project(it will complete in duration) + TEAM PLANNING(will use it to maintain backlog) + Development Effort
	+12.Notification(email or text)
	+13.Snapshot feature while doing project in 10 minutes(inspired from upwork)
	+ 	Plugin in vscode for issue update  (https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/making-vscode-extension/)
	

Rename
Epic - init
Kanban - Arsenal		

	
Incremental Approach
1.Requirement
2.Wireframes(Figma or Draw.io)
3.Pseudo Code
4.Coding part


